# synth

Synth is an function -> audio generator. It is meant to be used in a manner that starts at a waveform that is to be generated by a user created function. Use a parabola as a wave function for all I care, see what it sounds like.
This waveform can then have transformations applied to it, kinda like pedals. Or exactly like pedals I don't really know.
Each step here should be then visualizable. Made a initial function? Here's what that looks like. Added a fuzz transformation to it? Added noise? Compressed it? Here's what it looks like now.

Then finally the sound is played.

## Generating a waveform
This should be done by a class that has abstract function (can you tell I'm a Java dev?) that must be implemented. These are then validated before moving forward.
This waveform can be any continuous function generated by a formula or a function. Or raw points if you're into that. It should generate a numpy linear space from 0,1.

Read warning on next like: Ideally we are enforcing the sample_rate in the validator? So if I define a function that outputs essentially y=x, it plays 1 click. It is up to the waveform generator to take in an input to build the appropriate frequency of that.
I'm leaving the above as a note, but I think the waveform should be a single wave. So if its a simple sine wave, it should be just one full modulation of that
Another note: How do I even do that? I would need to make Waveform generators specifically a function. But I want them to be waves already built, easier to do transformations like that

## Transformations of a waveform
These will take a waveform and modify it. It should still generate a valid waveform. It's abstract function should take in a waveform as an input and output another waveform

## Waveform Validator
As we saw above, we need to check that the waveform fits a specified sample rate.

## Tone generation
The tone generator should take a waveform and built that out to the specified duration and frequency

## Some extra thoughts
I want to play a tone of 80hz and then I want to play a tone of 120hz and then a tone of 160hz then 80hz again. How would this work?
Perhaps a "Track" is a concat of several tones

Also should consider merging several tracks together or something. How does that work in the audio world? We'll find out during our journey in this project.

Tracks will need properties, eventually as well, pan, volume, etc. We'll figure all that out later.

### TODO 
Transformations should be set within Waveform, and on build() it should call each transformation and then return output
OR it could be applied to the whole audio

Audio wrapped in Track with volume and panning
Overlay two tracks

reorganize dir
